# Vaxport

### A vaccine passport for travelers in COVID times :airplane: 
Vaxport is a digital passport in the form of a mobile web app.

With vaccines on the roll-out internationally, traveling is starting open up. The problem is that different countries require different documentations at different checkpoints, with varying quarantine guidelines. 

Vaxport aims to simplify this process into a digital passport that allows one application to act as an official proof of vaccination internationally, along with removing the need to carry a physical card as proof of documentation.

This project was built for TOHacks Hackathon 2021.


## View Demos

### [Live Demo](https://vaxport-app.web.app)
Please note that using a mobile device will give the best experience.

### [Video Demo](https://kevinroh.ca/works/vaxport)


## Technologies
- React
- Firebase
  - Authentication
  - Firestore (User data)
  - Storage (Image storage)
- SASS 


## How will it work?
### User
The user will be prompted to upload their vaccination records via image once they have registered.

The record image will be sent back to a certified government database where it is checked against their list of vaccinated peoples*

A successful match will indicate to Vaxport that it can generate a QR code for the user. This QR code can be scanned by officials to view the user's vaccination record information such as vaccination date, type, and authorized provider.

### Official
Vaxport is also set up for official users who can use this app or their QR scanner of choice to scan the user QR codes generated by the app. 


## Future Development

- Government health database access
- Register multiple users per account so that families with children may register under one application
- Utilize image-to-text recognition software to validate uploaded images faster
- Include rear-facing camera
- Extend usage beyond traveling (i.e. senior care homes)


## Inspiration

COVID has been here a while and I think we're all excited to see things come back to normal.

Traveling has been one of my favorite past-times and I'm really excited that vaccinations are rolling out.
Just because there are vaccines does not mean we should be flying to places carelessly. Being able to prove that you are vaccinated would provide a certain measure of reassurance to the destination countries and venues. 

As things open back up, it is critical to be careful so that we don't fall out of control again. Vaxport allows us this extra layer of health security with easier access.


## Status

Project is: _in progress_


## Contact

Created by [@rohkevin](https://kevinroh.ca) - feel free to reach out to let me know your thoughts and feedback on this project!! A solid piece of advice goes a long way :pray: